README.md, before:

[![Snyk Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/lowsky/dashboard/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/lowsky/dashboard)  ![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/lowsky/dashboard.svg?style=svg) 
[![Netlify Status(master)](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/23113b55-4107-426a-94c0-e2db95956157/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/github-dashboard/deploys)

## Purpose

This web app lists the `(feature) branches` of a github repository with its

-   last commit's build status
-   last commit's commit message
-   links to running running docker containers for each feature (upcoming feature)

The idea behind this was, to get an easy access to all feature branches for demoing new features before going live.

Presentation on a Meetup: You can find the [slides here](https://github.com/lowsky/dockerMeetupSlides)

## Getting started

After invoking this in a shell

    git clone https://github.com/lowsky/dashboard
    cd dashboard
    
    # Install the dependencies of the react app and
    # installs the server's dependencies, too:
    yarn 
    
then setup the `github-token` (see [Setup Github Token](#setupgithubtoken) ) before starting via:

    yarn dev
    
for a simple `dev mode`: it starts the serverless-based serverless functions and the web app in parallel.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

### Built-in GraphQL-backend

It also provides a GraphIql Playground at <http://localhost:3000/api/graphql> - which is great 
(Note: you may need to specify this endpoint http://localhost:3000/.netlify/functions/graphql , too)
for using and playing with different graphql queries, e.g.:
```graphql
{
  github {
    user(username: "lowsky") {
      login
      avatar_url
    }
    repo(ownerUsername: "lowsky", name: "dashboard") {
      name
      branches{name}
    }
  }
}
```

Have fun!

**Note:**
### setupGithubToken
You  **need to create your own github-token** (see https://github.com/settings/tokens/) and 
store it locally in `.env` file (similar to [server/.env.example](server/.env.example) )

    # create your own .env file as a copy of .env.example by
    cp .env.example .env
    
    # ... and replace the XXX with your API key

## ScreenShot

![Preview image](./assets/images/DashboardDemo.png)

# Background

This project was used to figure out and to demonstrate, how to develop a frontend UI with Facebook's _Relay_ and _GraphQL_ libraries.

For deep interns of GraphQL concepts, see the [presentation at the EnterJS Conference 2016](https://lowsky.github.io/deck-graphql-relay-talk) with its [slide sources](https://www.github.com/lowsky/deck-graphql-relay-talk)

## License

Licensed under the Apache License 2.0, Copyright ©️ 2018 Robert Hostlowsky. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.

![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-72383363-1/lowsky/dashboard/README.md)

Commit message:

update Readme: no need to start extra server, have all batteries included (via next.js)

README.md, after:

[![Snyk Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/lowsky/dashboard/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/lowsky/dashboard)  ![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/lowsky/dashboard.svg?style=svg) 
[![Netlify Status(master)](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/23113b55-4107-426a-94c0-e2db95956157/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/github-dashboard/deploys)

## Purpose

This web app lists the `(feature) branches` of a github repository with its

-   last commit's build status
-   last commit's commit message

The idea behind this was, to provide easy access to all feature branches before releasing them.
So you can test a new version of a new feature before bringing it live.
    

Very old presentation at a Docker Meetup: Find the [slides here](https://github.com/lowsky/dockerMeetupSlides)

## Getting started

After invoking this in a shell

    git clone https://github.com/lowsky/dashboard
    cd dashboard
    
    # Install the dependencies of the react app and
    # installs the server's dependencies, too:
    yarn 
    
then setup the `github-token` (see [Setup Github Token](#setupgithubtoken) ) before starting local dev mode via:

    yarn dev
    
This runs Next.js dev-mode which includes the endpoints for the graphql API.

Open the home [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser.

Or **even better** the dashboard project page: [http://localhost:3000/relay/lowsky/dashboard](http://localhost:3000/relay/lowsky/dashboard)

### Built-in GraphQL-backend

**GraphIql Playground:** <http://localhost:3000/api/graphql> 

for using and playing with different graphql queries, e.g.:
(use this [link with query](http://localhost:3000/api/graphql?query={%0A%20github%20{%0A%20%20%20user(username%3A%22lowsky%22)%20{%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20login%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20avatar_url%0A%20%20%20%20}%0A%20%20%20%20repo(ownerUsername%3A%20%22lowsky%22%2C%20name%3A%20%22dashboard%22)%20{%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20name%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20branches%20{%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20name%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20}%0A%20%20%20%20}%0A%20%20}%0A}%0A))
```graphql
{
  github {
    user(username: "lowsky") {
      login
      avatar_url
    }
    repo(ownerUsername: "lowsky", name: "dashboard") {
      name
      branches{name}
    }
  }
}
```

Have fun!

### setupGithubToken
You  **need to create your own github-token** (see https://github.com/settings/tokens/) and 
store it locally in `.env` file (similar to [.env.example](.env.example) )

    # create your own .env file as a copy of .env.example by
    cp .env.example .env
    
    # ... and replace the XXX with your API key

## ScreenShot

![Preview image](./assets/images/DashboardDemo.png)

# Background

This project was used to figure out and to demonstrate, how to develop a frontend UI with Facebook's _Relay_ and _GraphQL_ libraries.

For deep interns of GraphQL concepts, see the [presentation at the EnterJS Conference 2016](https://lowsky.github.io/deck-graphql-relay-talk) with its [slide sources](https://www.github.com/lowsky/deck-graphql-relay-talk)

## License

Licensed under the Apache License 2.0, Copyright ©️ 2018 Robert Hostlowsky. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more information.
