README.adoc, before:

image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/score.svg[bitHound Score,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard]
image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/score.svg[bitHound Overall Score,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard]
image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/dependencies.svg[bitHound Dependencies,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/master/dependencies/npm]
image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/devDependencies.svg[bitHound Dev Dependencies,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/master/dependencies/npm]
image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/code.svg[bitHound Code,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard]
image:https://www.codacy.com/project/badge/5f6f0a485bfe4afab427fdba4eae3ac2[Codacy Badge,link=https://www.codacy.com/app/skylab71/dashboard]
image:https://snyk.io/test/github/lowsky/dashboard/badge.svg[Snyk: Known Vulnerabilities,link=
https://snyk.io/test/github/lowsky/dashboard]

image:https://badge.waffle.io/lowsky/dashboard.png?label=Tasks%20in%20progress&title=in-progress[Stories/Tasks in Progress,link=https://waffle.io/lowsky/dashboard]

image:https://badges.greenkeeper.io/lowsky/dashboard.svg[link="https://greenkeeper.io/"]

This project was used to figure out and to demonstrate, how to develop a frontend UI with Facebook's *Relay* and *GraphQL* libraries.

For deep interns of the concepts, see the link:https://lowsky.github.io/deck-graphql-relay-talk[presentation at the EnterJS Conference] with its link:https://www.github.com/lowsky/deck-graphql-relay-talk[slide sources]

= Purpose of this dashboard

A web app showing the states of all (feature) branches and links to running docker containers for each feature.

An old presentation was giving some details about the background: link:https://github.com/lowsky/dockerMeetupSlides[slides]

= Getting started locally
Start a the backend-server locally, see https://github.com/lowsky/github-rest-graphql-proxy/ (in its own terminal),
then come back and do these steps:
``` 
git clone https://github.com/lowsky/dashboard
cd dashboard
npm install # or better just run  yarn  (if you have installed it already)
npm start & # runs in background
open http://locahost:3000
```

= ScreenShot:

image:DashboardDemo.png[Preview image]

image:https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-72383363-1/lowsky/dashboard/README.md[Analytics,link=https://github.com/lowsky/dashboard/blob/master/README.md]

Commit message:

add webpack run for development

README.adoc, after:

image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/score.svg[bitHound Score,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard]
image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/score.svg[bitHound Overall Score,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard]
image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/dependencies.svg[bitHound Dependencies,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/master/dependencies/npm]
image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/devDependencies.svg[bitHound Dev Dependencies,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/master/dependencies/npm]
image:https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard/badges/code.svg[bitHound Code,link=https://www.bithound.io/github/lowsky/dashboard]
image:https://www.codacy.com/project/badge/5f6f0a485bfe4afab427fdba4eae3ac2[Codacy Badge,link=https://www.codacy.com/app/skylab71/dashboard]
image:https://snyk.io/test/github/lowsky/dashboard/badge.svg[Snyk: Known Vulnerabilities,link=
https://snyk.io/test/github/lowsky/dashboard]

image:https://badge.waffle.io/lowsky/dashboard.png?label=Tasks%20in%20progress&title=in-progress[Stories/Tasks in Progress,link=https://waffle.io/lowsky/dashboard]

image:https://badges.greenkeeper.io/lowsky/dashboard.svg[link="https://greenkeeper.io/"]

This project was used to figure out and to demonstrate, how to develop a frontend UI with Facebook's *Relay* and *GraphQL* libraries.

For deep interns of the concepts, see the link:https://lowsky.github.io/deck-graphql-relay-talk[presentation at the EnterJS Conference] with its link:https://www.github.com/lowsky/deck-graphql-relay-talk[slide sources]

= Purpose of this dashboard

A web app showing the states of all (feature) branches and links to running docker containers for each feature.

An old presentation was giving some details about the background: link:https://github.com/lowsky/dockerMeetupSlides[slides]

= Getting started locally
Start a the backend-server locally, see https://github.com/lowsky/github-rest-graphql-proxy/ (in its own terminal),
then come back and do these steps:
```
git clone https://github.com/lowsky/dashboard
cd dashboard
npm install # or better just run  yarn  (if you have installed it already)
npm start & # runs in background
open http://locahost:3000

# to update the page, run a webpack like:
node_modules/.bin/webpack -w
# and refresh the page in the browser
# (this needs update!)

```

= ScreenShot:

image:DashboardDemo.png[Preview image]

image:https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-72383363-1/lowsky/dashboard/README.md[Analytics,link=https://github.com/lowsky/dashboard/blob/master/README.md]
